so the thing going on in gaming news
this week has been like the whole
resolution and sharpness with the 1080p
in the 720p with the next-generation
consoles this console is intended to DP
with this game it doesn't look as good
Oh to ps4 is better because all its
games are 1080p 720p is stupid it's not
as sharp who cares personally I think
sharpness clarity resolution graphics
stuff like that doesn't really matter
that much in a next-gen it's not the
thing that I'm most concerned about now
that being said I do play on PC a lot
and I do like putting my graphics up to
the max as much as the next guy but for
the most part besides these little
particle effects and stuff like that
graphics are pretty much I think where
we need them to be they articulate
things very well we don't need cutscenes
and pre-rendered CG cutscenes to show
off things we don't have to rely on
sprites anymore except when we want to
now at this day and age games are pretty
much up to what they need to be grand
theft auto 5 especially proves that
distance character models everything is
in place it for me it doesn't really
matter I don't think graphics matter I
think what matters and especially for
the next gen I comes down to the other
things gameplay what I think really
matters for the next gen is not really
graphics it's going to be gameplay
gameplay mechanics new interesting ways
that we're going to be using the
controller and the features of the
system that's what I'm looking forward
to the most and that's why I could give
a damn about this whole 1080p versus
720p argument because honestly at the
end of the day it's a negligible
difference in sharpness on your TV
screen I don't really care and graphics
in general I don't really care you know
a lot of times there are games out there
on older systems that look better than
games now because of things like art
style it's not always about just having
the most realistic looking game of
course many of you know that a lot of
times it comes down to just a
beautifully designed game and the way
things look and the way things sound and
everything and what we're gonna have now
with the next-gen are confident ways we
can implement that because I think the
graphics are more or less where they
need to be games can handle themselves
in 3d personally I'm not looking forward
to how much leaves can be rendered on a
tree I'm more into what kind of new
gameplay mechanics we can work in how
far can that draw distance really be how
many characters can we cram here
you know what can we do how much voice
acting can we fit on a game now stuff
like that is important to me but now am
i just being like a hippie with this you
guys gotta let me know like am I being
like way too abstract and artsy it's not
about the graphics here like I said at
times I can get a little excited I can
be a graphics for and I know you guys
can too so let me know in the comments
what you guys really think about this I
might be tell me if I'm being stupid the
graphics matter to you let us know if
the graphics really do matter to you let
us know why and if you're not into
graphics if you don't think graphics are
the biggest deal in the world let's talk
about some examples games that you think
excelled at our awesome play great look
right not because of amazing new
innovative graphics stuff like that
let's talk about whatever we want about
graphics and the next gen and just this
was kind of just a rambling video but
just things you want to talk about let's
talk about it in the comments as always
guys you know it's me Jake a you know
you can like me on Facebook you can yell
at me on twitter and you can subscribe
because video games